Hello, I want to share my
signet
Now I got this mesh out of the sheath
I look I was horrified I am covered with rust
carbon steel is called action
it seems to take only one time wiping everything
dry do not keep under the rain is not
hit something that's probably somewhere small
penetrated means all this must be
protect and try to stain it in
Coca-Cola
then I will continue to shoot show
how to do it will be well, that's brushed knife
fine sandpaper is clearly gone
rust is gone
can proceed
pickling off in that liquid now
to the left. let's see what
will happen to the left a can of coke
set vertically
thus add more
mark the time we will wait but 45 has passed
minutes look at the result of this type
he needs to turn black now
a little bit
Well, here's the result
so far enough
at this stop and
all 40 minutes scraped this view
Th my darling Th settlement here
somehow scary
Well, that's what I wanted to show everyone thanks
for the attention of all bye